welcome to android mobile hd and os
I bring a new video in which I point
how to call totally free
number as if it were a normal phone
from any android device
even from tablets
Well, more than anything, let's start
doing a small demonstration for
that you yourselves verify of
beforehand what can be called totally
free from the application we are going to
enter the app talk app
let's go according to a call we're going to
find a contact as now
I'm in my house we're going to look for the
contact in which they put house and
check yourselves that you can
call perfectly I'm calling
and now it will appear here as someone
is calling because it's the telephone of
my house and now we're going for a little
seconds so you can check that from
here the call is heard
as you see, little by little, more
it's not a very loud sound either
I guess you already do it by listening like that
that we are going to finish the call
so that it fits and I would not be
you see also you look at the hanging here
and perfect good from this
small demonstration let's tell you that
you have to do what steps you must follow
to download this application or in the
tablet or in the terminal to call
totally free and how the app works
we go first to everything we had to
put in the play store and look for the
app that is called app sound
we're
we would appear well called and sms
it's free and we would have to download
and it should also be noted that it has a
rating of 4.1 stars out of five
stars
let's see step by step play store e
install
We accept all the permits that we
we have to meet we wait for it to
download a few seconds let's go
open the application we are going to upload this
cloud to see the procedure that we
would follow here would indicate us that it is
good number that you know a number of
any such it is worth and we had to create
an account although I am already a user of
so or wheelock app let's create a
account to see the procedure that
we wanted to continue at the moment in which
in the previous step you have completed
with a username an email
electronic and a password or it
will appreciate this window where he will put
complete your profile in which we have
to write our name with which
we want the calls to be received by
other users sex and birthday
more or less in the video age
next we had to keep going
windows until insolation to window that
it tells us that we have to verify
our phone number
in this case phone to find
to your friends and speak without limits as
I am in Spain will have to go here
up Spain although we have a
countless more countries let's say
introduce our mobile phone in that
case
and the mobile phone that we have
introduced you will receive an SMS with a
code that we will later have to
enter to enter it
application and be able to use it once
completed the process in which
we would have to enter the code on
which we have received will appear this
mind in which we simply have to
move to the left and
we can make the calls
totally free this yes to be able
make these calls completely
free
we have to get credits we had
that we go where it gets to get credits
and this we could do watching
different videos in which we have to
wait and it does not always happen many times
this little sign appears to us in which no
there are videos but there is no problem
since we can see another video
another or another climb back from the
obtaining credits takes a little bit
yes, but later you can
get several credits with which
we can call our respective
friends families and so on in the case of
that does not load we will have to resort
to a third option that is the most
expensive so to speak since it is not
just watch a video but
we have to see them here in we have to
download an application the application
of the play store use it during a
minute and when we get the screams that
appear on the right side of the
screen
and good until now come to the end
the video if you liked it I love it and
you leave me a like that you leave me the
comments what do you think about this new
synthetic change that I'm doing in
the channel and good
a greeting moves andrew h of humidors
subscribe goodbye